alrighty so okay dashboard so see here
15 kv 1.5 k views that's pretty good 54
subs that's cool widget oh alright
comment I don't have videos haha ok so
let's see here let's go to video manager
let's see here a hundred and ten videos
wow that's a lot my views I'm pretty
consistent around the 20 area means like
there's nothing weird here or anything
see other from previous cardinalis it's
only 10 views but 3 comments oh I miss
comments already knows comments so I
don't have another card analysis yet so
it's gonna slow down a bit more ok
that's mines the car now Sophie let's
see what what is this what is well lets
you know really that sturdy can see what
is I don't think he knows like that it's
a hundred freakazoid reviews what but in
all these teams come from you've just
been lying to me my entire life what is
this I didn't you think warframe has a
kind of actually more frightened essica
that kind of use I don't get that guy's
what does work for him have these views
I don't even want to play war friend
barely they are so close what is this
144 to what 40 42 what what what 40 foot
of 121 that's only 23 views difference
what is this what oh my god okay I got
anything more card analysis so here the
footage
hello guys welcome to cart analysis
where we take a look at some of the most
controversial cards in Magic the
Gathering which is all of them of course
so today our card is goblin rabble
master from the 2015 corset now at first
sight this guy doesn't look that strong
but oh my god when worked with like when
correctly worked with he is strong so
let's go ahead an get the look out into
the way he is legal in all formats
currently he has not been banned just
yet he's been only printed in m15 as of
this video now let's get on to the power
levels so standard he is really strong
right now uh there is a new deck called
yeah or if you don't speak goblin wha
llame wha maybe wha so that deck relies
on goblin ravel master and his
associates to take care of anybody in
his way it is a red and white deck and
I'm going to be playing that in post
rotation so if you guys wanna go and see
what I'm running go check out the
decklist I put in the description below
modern it can be strong modern goblins
is a thing little modern goblins is a
thing and this guy'll probably helped
out because with each attacking goblin
he gets a buff to his own power meaning
that all those goblins turning sideways
is gonna be a big problem for them
commander it is a good card especially
in the crank o commander decks I'm gonna
be honest I have a friend who played
qrank oh I have corrected myself I've
never built the commander deck because i
don't have goblin resources and then as
for legacy he might be playable i am
unsure because of his cost I don't think
he's gonna be useful enough in the early
game or the late game so synergize errs
first off we have foundry street denizen
this guy Oh every time you attack you're
gonna freak out one right so without
Ashley denizen every time you attack
he's at least attacking 42 damage at
least cuz you're making more goblins
another one is twin flame copying your
own gun rabble mass
sir then attacking they're getting a + 3
+ 0 buff on both of them so he really
powerful as this was generator servant
and obelisk of Earth when a goatee
goblin tribal route so if you guys know
the veil feel free to leave a like
comment if you enjoyed it favourite it
and it's gonna see more my content
subscribe I hope you guys enjoyed the
video and I'll see you guys next time
peace
you